Improve API 4.0 documentation (#2812)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/api/rbac/configuration.rst

Configuration
=============
.. note::

>     It is necessary to log into the API before attempting to add or modify any RBAC configuration, such as policies, roles or users. A detailed guide on how to do that can be found within the :ref:`Getting started <api_getting_started>` section of the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It is necessary to log into the API before attempting to add or modify any RBAC configuration, such as policies, roles or users. A detailed guide on how to log in can be found within the :ref:`Getting started <api_getting_started>` section of the API.
```

       "message": "Configuration successfully updated"
    }

> It is possible to change other non-RBAC settings such as the duration of JWT tokens, as well as check the current configuration using the ``GET /security/config`` endpoint. Additionally, default settings can be restored using the ``DELETE /security/config`` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to change other non-RBAC settings such as the duration of JWT tokens, as well as to check the current configuration using the ``GET /security/config`` endpoint. Additionally, default settings can be restored using the ``DELETE /security/config`` endpoint.
```

      "message": "Policy created correctly"
    }

> This will create a policy with permission to read information related to agents ``001``, ``002``, ``003`` and ``004``. Additional policies can be created as long as they are not duplicated. Any policy could be modified at any given time if needed, so for example new agents could be added to an existing policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a policy with permission to read information related to agents with ids ``001``, ``002``, ``003`` and ``004``. Additional policies can be created as long as they are not duplicated. Any policy could be modified at any given time if needed, so for example new agents could be added to an existing policy.
```

.. note::

>     The policy ID, along with the other useful information, can be access at any time using the ``GET /security/policies`` endpoint. For a complete list of resources and actions, please visit :ref:`RBAC reference <api_rbac_reference>` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The policy ID, along with the other useful information, can be accessed at any time using the ``GET /security/policies`` endpoint. For a complete list of resources and actions, please visit :ref:`RBAC reference <api_rbac_reference>` page.
```

Create a new role
-----------------

> **Roles** are a links between users and policies. Multiple users can be assigned to the same role and a role can have multiple policies linked to it. Roles can be created using the ``POST /security/roles`` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Roles** are links between users and policies. Multiple users can be assigned to the same role and a role can have multiple policies linked to it. Roles can be created using the ``POST /security/roles`` endpoint.
```

> Following the previous "Sales-team" example, the role described below will be created so the "Sales-team" can be assigned to that role later:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the previous "Sales-team" example, the role described below will be created so the "Sales-team" can be assigned to that role later on:
```

    }

.. note::
    The highlighted lines are intended for future feature still under development. They currently have no effect.

As before, the creation of that role can be requested using an API endpoint. In this case, the request for the role shown above would look like this:

.. code-block:: console

    # curl -X POST "https://localhost:55000/v4/security/roles?pretty=true" -H  "Authorization: Bearer <YOUR_JWT_TOKEN>" -d "{\"name\":\"sales-team\",\"rule\":{\"MATCH\":{\"definition\":\"sales-team\"}}}"

> The response body would be similar to this one. It is important to remember the ID as it will be needed to link policies to this role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response body would be similar to this one. It is important to remember the role ID as it will be needed to link policies to this role.
```

Assign policies to roles
------------------------

> To assign **policies** to a certain role use the ``POST /security/roles/{role_id}/policies`` endpoint. The assigment can be done by simply indicating the ID of the **role** and the ID of each policy. Remember that it is possible to a role to have multiple policies assigned and a given policy can be assigned to multiple roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To assign **policies** to a certain role use the ``POST /security/roles/{role_id}/policies`` endpoint. The assigment can be done by simply indicating the ID of the **role** and the ID of each policy. Remember that it is possible for a role to have multiple policies assigned to it. Also a given policy can be assigned to multiple roles.
```

      },
      "message": "All policies were linked to role 8"
    }
Now it is possible to modify the permissions of the whole "sales-team" group by adding new policies or modifying the existing ones, instead of having to assign each permission for each member of the team individually.

Assign roles to a user
----------------------

> Users can be assigned to one or more roles using the ``POST /security/users/{username}/roles`` endpoint. It is possible to add previously created user to an existing role by specifying the user name and the ID of the role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can be assigned to one or more roles using the ``POST /security/users/{username}/roles`` endpoint. It is possible to add previously created users to an existing role by specifying the user name and the ID of the role.
```

                agent:id:001
            effect: deny

In this case, the role "example_role" is linked to the ``policy0`` which allows agent ``001`` to be read, but it is also linked to ``policy1``, which prohibits it, as seen in the highlighted lines. In this situation, the most recently added policy is applied to the role. That means the one that appears last when listing the policies of a role using the ``GET /security/roles`` endpoint will be applied and for this example the user won't have permission to read agent ``001``. The same happens if a user is assigned to several roles. The last role applied to a user is the one that determines the behavior in case of contradiction. The ``GET /security/users`` endpoint can be used to list the users and its assigned roles.

> It is possible to specify in which position of the list (starting at 0) a policy or a role is assigned by using the ``position`` parameter when adding a new relationship between a policy and a role or between a role and a user. Thanks to this, it is possible to add a new policy and place it in a different position of the list, so if this new policy contradicts another one that is placed later, the later one will be the policy to have their effects applied. Following this example, if the ``position`` parameter were used when adding the ``policy1`` to ``example_role`` and it were set to ``0``, then ``policy1`` would be added to ``example_role`` in the first position of the list and the user would have access to agent ``001`` as in this case ``policy0`` would be the last policy of the list. Here is the resulting list for this case:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to specify in which position of the list (starting at 0) a policy or a role is assigned by using the ``position`` parameter when adding a new relationship between a policy and a role or between a role and a user. Thanks to this, it is possible to add a new policy and place it in a different position of the list, so if this new policy contradicts another one that is placed later, the later one will be the policy to have their effects applied. Following this example, if the ``position`` parameter was used when adding the ``policy1`` to ``example_role`` and it were set to ``0``, then ``policy1`` would be added to ``example_role`` in the first position of the list and the user would have access to agent ``001`` as in this case ``policy0`` would be the last policy of the list. Here is the resulting list for this case:
```

> It is possible to specify in which position of the list (starting at 0) a policy or a role is assigned by using the ``position`` parameter when adding a new relationship between a policy and a role or between a role and a user. Thanks to this, it is possible to add a new policy and place it in a different position of the list, so if this new policy contradicts another one that is placed later, the later one will be the policy to have their effects applied. Following this example, if the ``position`` parameter were used when adding the ``policy1`` to ``example_role`` and it were set to ``0``, then ``policy1`` would be added to ``example_role`` in the first position of the list and the user would have access to agent ``001`` as in this case ``policy0`` would be the last policy of the list. Here is the resulting list for this case:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to specify in which position of the list (starting at 0) a policy or a role is assigned by using the ``position`` parameter when adding a new relationship between a policy and a role or between a role and a user. Thanks to this, it is possible to add a new policy and place it in a different position of the list, so if this new policy contradicts another one that is placed later, the later one will be the policy to have their effects applied. Following this example, if the ``position`` parameter were used when adding the ``policy1`` to ``example_role`` and it was set to ``0``, then ``policy1`` would be added to ``example_role`` in the first position of the list and the user would have access to agent ``001`` as in this case ``policy0`` would be the last policy of the list. Here is the resulting list for this case:
```
